["DRIFT AWAY" PLAYING ON RADIO]
- [JOHN] Three, three, three.
- ♪ day after day, I'm more confused ♪
- Three, three.
- ♪ yet I look for the light ♪
- ♪ Through the pouring rain... ♪
- Four, four, four.
- [LOW METAL CREAKING]
- Four, four.
- Five, five, five.
- ♪ now I'm feelin' the strain ♪
- Five, five.
- ♪ ain't it a shame... ♪
- Okay. Everyone remember the rules?
- [CREAKING CONTINUES]
Are you sure this
is the best idea?
[SIGHS] What else
are we gonna do?
♪ I wanna get lost in your
rock and roll and drift away ♪
- Okay, have you got any eights?
- [JOHN] Uh...
Go fish.
[LOW METAL CREAKING CONTINUES]
Hey, it's your turn.
♪ Beginning to think
that I'm wastin' time ♪
Uh, um...
♪ I don't understand the things
I do ♪ - do you have any threes?
[JOHN] Go fish.
♪ World outside looks so unkind...
♪ - [PENNY] Okay. Do you have any...
The resolute made 23 routine trips.
So what happened to ours?
- There's no use in speculating.
- [COMPUTER BEEP ECHOES]
[AUTOMATED VOICE]
Completing de-orbit burn.
Helmets on.
♪ I wanna get lost in your rock
and roll and drift away... ♪
[AUTOMATED VOICE] Begin
entry phase in 30 seconds.
♪ I wanna get lost in your
rock and roll and drift away ♪
[SIGHS]
Okay. Um, it's still my turn.
[SONG CONTINUES PLAYING]
Do you have any nines?
- [JUDY] Seriously, penny?
- [PENNY] What?
Did you see my hand?
[PENNY] You count cards.
I don't know why
everyone doesn't.
Okay, can I have
my nine, please?
- [CRASHING]
- [ALARMS BEEPING, BLARING]
[AUTOMATED VOICE] Music off.
Atmospheric disturbance detected.
[JOHN] Deep breaths.
Remember your training.
The computer will land us just fine.
That's what it's for.
[JOHN] Deep breaths.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[AUTOMATED VOICE]
Impact detected.
Landing trajectory off course.
- Mom!
- Take my hand.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [MAUREEN] It's okay.
- Hold on to me!
[AUTOMATED VOICE] Warning. Entry angle
exceeding parameters. Correcting.
- 4,000 feet.
- [JOHN] It's okay.
- [ALARM BLARING]
- 3,000 feet.
Entry angle exceeding
parameters.
- [JOHN] Take my hand.
- 2,000 feet.
Take my hand.
1,000 feet. Brace for impact. Brace
for impact. Brace for impact.
- [CRASHES]
- [ALL GROANING]
[SCREAMS]
- [GASPING]
- [ALARM BLARING]
[ALL BREATHING HEAVILY]
[JOHN] Sound off.
[JUDY] Judy accounted for.
Penny accounted for.
[PANTING]
Will? Will? Are you all right?
Accounted for.
[AUTOMATED VOICE] Landing
surface unstable.
[JOHN] Let's evacuate.
- [JUDY] Supply cabinet.
- [PENNY] Already on it.
Maureen?
- [MAUREEN] It's my leg.
- Mom?
It's fine. It's just stuck.
It's okay. I got this.
You go get the supplies.
[JUDY] Will, follow me.
[JOHN] Damn it!
[GRUNTING]
- [JUDY] Will, stay close.
- [WILL] I'm coming.
Quick, to the top hatch.
Come on.
In here. Come on.
[GRUNTING]
- It's jammed! Will, come on up.
- [WILL] Okay.
[AUTOMATED VOICE] Landing
surface unstable.
- [JOHN] Judy. Come on.
- [WILL] I'm up!
I don't fit.
We'll have to go around.
Don't go anywhere.
We'll come around.
[WIND WHISTLING]
[GRUNTING]
Wow.
[RUMBLING]
[SHIP CREAKING]
[JUDY] Are those other jupiters?
At least eight.
We're not the only
ones that made it.
[PANTING] Made it where?
Here, sit down.
[GRUNTS]
Lucky I just
happened to be here.
Lucky thing.
- [ICE CRACKING]
- [SHIP CREAKING]
[JOHN] No, no, no!
♪ Oh, the weather
outside is frightful ♪
So, who's my secret Santa?
♪ But the fire is
so delightful ♪
[CHUCKLES]
♪ And since we've no place to go let
it snow, let it snow, let it snow ♪
- Ta-da!
- Are those my mom's cookies?
Grandma wasn't here to bake them
this year, so, gave it a shot.
She never trusted
me with the recipe.
I don't know, I guess
I'm just special?
[JOHN LAUGHS]
So, where are you these days?
You know he can't say.
Well, wherever you
are, it's night,
which rules out Europe,
Africa, the middle east,
Asia, Australia...
Is that our hedge?
[CHUCKLES]
What?
You guys are too smart.
[GASPS] Dad!
- Dad! I missed you.
- [JOHN LAUGHS]
- [JUDY] You're home.
- [PENNY] Oh, my god!
Let me in.
- [WILL] Ew, you guys.
- [JUDY] Gross. Get a room.
What did you bring me?
[LAUGHS]
You know how many strings I
had to pull to get here?
[CELL PHONE CHIMING]
[CELL PHONE CHIMING
AND VIBRATING]
[MAUREEN] Hello?
What?
When?
Astronomers at the near-earth
object office discovered a
sizable, unknown celestial
object that's headed our way.
NASA scientists are working
around the clock to track the
object's orbital path and to
assess the risk of collision.
I have it.
A news briefing has
been scheduled...
I'm gonna take a
look, okay, mom?
Mmm-hmm. [GASPS]
It's broken.
Well, that's too bad.
Hey, you took time to grab that?
Who were you planning to call?
I grabbed a pack. I did
what I was supposed to do.
Hey, kids, it could be worse.
How?
[JUDY] Mom, no!
Hey, what are you doing? We
haven't tested the atmosphere.
You already did. Look.
If the air was toxic,
you'd be dead by now.
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
[SIGHS]
- [BREATHES DEEPLY]
- [MAUREEN] Not a bad consolation prize.
First fresh air in months.
Mayday, mayday. This is Jupiter 2.
Do you read? Over.
Probably should have read the fine
print before I launched into space.
[MAUREEN] Okay. Let's
figure out where we are.
We evacuated the resolute halfway
between home and the colony...
Just call it earth. It's
not your home anymore.
Earth and the colony.
This planet is unlike any
we have ever mapped.
Wherever we are, I...
It's a goldilocks planet.
Earth-like atmosphere,
air-pressure, gravity.
Clearly no lack of water.
It's...
The odds of that
happening are...
It's like winning the lottery.
The way not dying in a car accident
is like winning the lottery.
Until you remember you
were in a car accident.
[WILL] We're lost.
No kidding.
I can't raise any of
the other jupiters.
[GRUNTS] The resolute will
send a rescue party, right?
I'm sure they'll follow
emergency protocol.
Hey, where does it hurt?
- All across here.
- It's from the crash harness. It's normal.
To you, maybe. Not to him.
He didn't mean anything by it.
Yeah, maybe he just forgot
we're not under his command.
It's okay.
You're all right. Inhale.
- [INHALES DEEPLY]
- Hold.
- [EXHALES]
- [EXHALES HEAVILY]
- [DISTANT RUMBLING]
- [ALL GASPING]
Is that another crashed ship?
You're disappointing me.
Look at the color.
It's bright white...
If it was rocket fuel,
it would be reddish.
Right.
Okay, hint.
It's not a chemistry question,
it's a geology question.
[RUMBLING CONTINUES]
Once that water freezes,
the Jupiter's gonna be locked
in 50 feet of solid ice.
- How long do we have?
- A while.
- How long's "a while"?
- It depends.
On hull thermodynamics,
water salinity,
how much displacement there is...
It's complicated. Does it matter?
You tell me. I know you've
already done the calculations.
We should talk about
this privately.
You two mind letting
us in on this?
[SIGHS]
In six hours, the
sun's gonna go down,
and indications are, it will
drop to 60 degrees below zero,
at which point, our
power cells will die...
And so will we.
We can't go anywhere
because of your leg.
- I'm still figuring it out.
- What if you can't?
Then you leave me here.
You descend the glacier and
it'll be warmer down there.
- Mom, stop!
- No, mom!
[JOHN] There's another way.
We go back down, get one of the big
ion lithiums to recharge the suits.
Not with that tear in your suit.
Airlock's too far, you'll
be dead in minutes.
The broken top hatch.
It's closer.
- It'll only be a quick trip in and out.
- No.
He's the only one who'll fit.
No. Absolutely not.
He did the same training,
passed the same tests.
- [MAUREEN] You can't train for this.
- Actually, you can. And he did.
- Will, come with me.
- John?
- [JOHN] Come on.
- [MAUREEN] John!
Okay. You gotta listen to me.
All you have to do is go back
in the same way you came out.
Supply room's right there.
It's easy.
- Okay? Take your jacket off.
- [SHUDDERING]
Okay. Hey, hey, buddy.
It's no different from
the Eva tank training
you did back home. Okay?
I'm gonna get the suit.
Okay, here we go. Let's
put this back on.
[GRUNTS]
- [JUDY] I got this, squirt.
- [MAUREEN] Judy!
Judy, get back up
here right now.
You know you won't fit
through the top hatch.
The top hatch isn't
the only way in, dad.
The supply room is too far
from the aft airlock.
It's too risky.
You take risks for
a living, dad.
No, I take orders. And I'm
giving you one right now.
I'm already in.
[MAUREEN CHUCKLES]
Listen to me. She's gonna be okay.
Okay?
She's always okay. It's
actually really annoying.
[GRUNTING]
The bulkhead's jammed.
I can't get through.
Okay. Well, that settles it.
Get back up here right now.
I can make it.
Damn it.
Honey, I don't know when
the water's gonna freeze.
I'm fine.
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Hey, Judy?
Judy, why can't we
see you by now?
- Judy?
- I took a chariot battery.
You're down in the garage?
Get out of there right now.
Yeah, good idea.
[WILL] Judy, hurry up.
Faster. Move.
[PANTING]
Hurry!
Come on, Judy.
Drop the battery.
Drop the battery!
[GRUNTING]
Take my hand.
[JOHN] Damn it!
[GASPING]
[JUDY PANTING OVER RADIO]
[STUTTERS] I can't move! Get
me out of here! Get me out!
Get me out! Get me out!
[GASPING]
Okay. Okay. Okay, listen.
[JUDY PANTING OVER RADIO]
Control your breathing.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[SLOWS BREATHING]
- Penny, get the computer.
- Okay.
[EXHALES] It's gonna be okay.
Your suit will keep you warm.
And...
- You've got at least five hours of oxygen.
- Okay.
So just don't talk any more
than you have to, okay?
[TAKES STEADYING BREATHS]
[GROANS]
Hey... you're in worse
shape than you look.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Is that a compliment?
You need to get some rest.
I need to help my baby girl.
We will. We will.
[PANTING]
[GROANS]
[BREATHES RAPIDLY]
No more doing anything
until I say so.
[EXHALES, GROANING]
Maureen.
- [WILL] Is she okay?
- [PENNY] Dad?
[JOHN] It's okay. It's okay.
She's just resting.
- Okay. It's okay.
- [CRYING]
Judy...
- Judy, I just want to say...
- Don't talk to me, please.
[GRUNTING]
- [THUDDING IN ICE ABOVE]
- [SIGHS HEAVILY]
You're almost to me, right?
[PANTING]
Yeah, I'm, uh...
I'm getting there.
[JOHN GRUNTING]
[RUMBLING]
[PANTING]
What is it?
The white fire. I
figured out what it is.
I don't have time for this.
I mean, when we crashed, we must
have scraped open a pure vein of it.
[GRUNTS] Vein of what?
Magnesium.
Magnesium burns hot. But you
know what makes it burn hotter?
Ice.
Judy, I gotta go get something.
- You're leaving?
- It'll help get you out.
I'll be back.
- Gonna have to hold down the fort.
- It's actually more of a tent, but...
You'll be fine. Just radio
me if anything goes wrong.
Will, you coming?
Me?
Yeah, it's your idea. And I don't
know what I'm looking for.
Come on.
I'll see you later, okay?
[SIRENS WAILING NEARBY]
[INSTRUMENTAL CHRISTMAS
MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi. Can I look at this one, please?
Thank you.
It looks really expensive.
Mom, it's babysitting money.
It's like being paid to study.
I know we're not doing
secret Santa, but I
wanna get a gift for dad,
in case he shows up.
He's done it before.
I just don't want you to
be disappointed again.
Well, it's a good thing
I got thick skin.
You shouldn't have
to have thick skin.
He's been in the worst
of it for two years.
Mom, he's made sacrifices.
So should we.
Okay.
- Can I take that, please?
Oh, here. I'll put
it on the card.
Just for the points. You can
pay me when I get the bill.
Sure, okay.
How easy is it to return this?
It's fine, as long as
it hasn't been worn.
Yeah. It won't be.
Hey, mom, I'm gonna go
find a present for Judy.
She told me to give it to charity, but
she's just trying to make me look bad.
[GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
[PENNY PANTING OVER RADIO]
How's mom?
I thought you weren't
supposed to be talking.
[CHUCKLES] Yeah, you'd
like that, wouldn't you?
Seriously, how is she?
She's... she's still out. Uh...
Breathing and her
heart rate is normal.
Keep talking.
Pretty high up on the list of things
I never thought I'd hear you say.
You must have some books
loaded on your phone.
Do you have anything good?
I, in fact, happen to have some
of the best books ever written.
Complete dickens,
complete Shakespeare...
Do you have anything... trashy?
Why would I bring something
trashy to the new world?
"We're here to establish a colony to
expand the bounds of human experience."
Hmm.
Well, they say everyone should
read Moby-dick before they die.
[SNIFFLES]
- Don't say that.
- Well, do you have it?
Of course I have it.
Well, is it any good?
I don't know.
Um... I haven't gotten
to the m's yet.
Well, proceed.
"Call me ishmael."
Okay, "ishmael," if you insist.
Okay, first of all, that
wasn't even remotely funny.
And, secondly, you're supposed to
be conserving oxygen. So, quiet.
"Call me ishmael."
"Some years ago, never mind
how long precisely..."
[JOHN] Just follow my lead. Not
sure how stable this glacier is.
Don't wanna fall
down a crevasse.
Wait, that could happen?
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Just follow my lead.
So, uh...
So what are you into nowadays?
I mean, besides magnesium.
[STAMMERS] I'm not. I just ended up
testing into the geology program.
Yeah, well, they do that.
You're good at something,
they make you do it.
I remember you used
to like baseball.
Yeah.
Yeah, I used to.
Models?
Does anyone make models anymore?
I like to read.
[JOHN CHUCKLES]
I don't think I've read anything except
instruction manuals for... years.
Oh, damn.
Yes. That... that's
a lot of magnesium.
Well...
What do you say we go get
some that isn't burning?
Come on.
[PENNY] "Enveloped in their shaggy
watch coats, and with their heads"
- "muffled in woolen..."
- [MAUREEN] Penny!
What? Mom! Mom, easy.
Easy, easy, easy, easy.
- Where's will?
- He went with dad to get some magnesium.
What?
Whose idea was that?
Will's.
[RUMBLING]
What're we looking for?
It's that grayish stuff there.
[RUMBLING NEARBY]
That's what it looks
like before it ignites.
Hey, I'm, uh... I'm not
gonna blow us up, am I?
Not unless you make a spark.
Okay.
[GRUNTS]
- How long have we been gone?
- Judy's got plenty of time.
Hey, it happened.
It happened because I froze up.
You jumped through a lot of
hoops to get on this mission.
You earned your spot
just like everyone else.
I don't feel like everyone else.
I think we've got
enough to get her out.
Now, let's get out of
here before it blows up.
[RUMBLING]
[WILL SCREAMING]
- Will! Will! Will!
- [DISTANT SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING]
Will, do you read me? Will!
[PENNY] Here.
- [MAUREEN GROANS]
- Mom? Hey.
[BREATHES HEAVILY AND GROANS]
It's getting worse, isn't it?
Feels like my leg is in a vice.
[MAUREEN EXHALES OVER RADIO]
Penny, I think we
should take a look.
- "We"?
- Does the skin feel hard or soft?
[GROANS]
- [GROANING]
- Oh, yeah.
Yeah, her leg is hard as a rock.
Okay. Mom, I think you
have compartment syndrome.
Edema from the fracture has created
too much pressure in your leg.
We have to release it.
Penny's gonna have to do a
little procedure, okay?
[PENNY] Uh, no, she's not.
- I'll talk her through it.
- It's your call.
Penny, there's a combo
syringe in the kit.
- It's blue and white. It'll knock her out.
- [TAKES DEEP BREATH, EXHALES]
It's okay? Okay. Okay. Yeah.
- Is she out?
- [PENNY] Yeah.
Okay. We have to do a
four-compartment fasciotomy.
How hard is this procedure?
- I've heard it's pretty straightforward.
- You've heard it's pretty straight...
You haven't done this before?
Okay. Lay out the scalpel
and plenty of gauze, okay?
Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Okay.
Okay.
There are four spaces in the
lower leg containing muscle
- that are surrounded by fascia.
- By what?
You know that white stuff
you see when you eat steak?
That's fascia. The red
stuff, it's muscle.
Okay.
[SIGHS] It's just like steak.
I like steak.
This is not mom, this is steak.
Yeah.
Find the bone that sticks
out under the kneecap.
Move about two fingers away
from it down on either side,
- and cut all the way down.
- Okay.
Cut all the way down to where?
All the way down to her ankle.
[GROANING]
Penny, you have to
cut deep, okay?
Until you see the muscle. The steak.
Cut until you see the steak.
The steak. Okay, it's just a
really juicy piece of steak.
I'm done! Done! I did it!
Great. Now you only have
to do it three times more.
[GRUNTS]
Dad?
Dad, come in.
[VOICE ECHOING] Dad! Dad!
[BIRDS CALLING NEARBY]
[JOHN OVER RADIO] Will,
do you read me? Will.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm here.
Are you hurt?
No.
Thank god.
Can you get back up here?
No. I don't think so.
[JOHN] Okay, where are you?
What do you see?
Are you safe?
There's vegetation
all over the place.
So there's bound to be things
that eat the vegetation...
And things that
eat those things.
Okay. Just... just
don't touch anything.
Yeah. Just get down here soon.
Okay?
Of course I will. But I, uh...
It's gonna take some time.
Time your sister doesn't have.
Wait.
Wait, you're leaving?
I have to go help Judy first.
And then I'm turning around and
coming straight back here.
I'll be back soon, I promise.
You're going to be fine.
[SHUDDERING]
Will?
You got that? You're
gonna be fine.
[SNIFFLES]
Go save her.
You have to.
I'll be fine.
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[CHUCKLES]
It's crazy that they built
this thing for real.
Someday we're gonna be on it.
You are.
Hey, the test results haven't come in yet.
Wait until they do.
I froze up. And...
The man giving the test made a face
when I stepped out of the tank.
He made a face at me, too.
It's their job. To make faces.
If I didn't pass, then...
That means they're gonna
make me stay behind.
So, we need to get
something clear.
Look at me.
There's a rule that's written in stone.
And it is never broken.
The Robinsons stick together.
What are you doing?
I'll just borrow your
manuals when they come in.
[JUDY] All right, let's do this.
[SIGHS]
- Do I paint first or...
- [WILL] Use this to trim the edges.
[JUDY] To trim the edges.
[GASPS SOFTLY]
When you were little, I always
loved to watch you sleep.
I don't think you should
be moving around.
Well, it's excellent work.
No, Judy did the hard part.
The studying and the exams...
You're all that matters, you know.
You three.
It's why we left.
I wanted to find a home
that was worthy of you.
We're gonna make it.
Of course we are.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Every problem has a solution.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[DOOR SHUTS]
[INDISTINCT
ANNOUNCEMENT OVER PA]
[SIGHS]
Hi, will.
[CLEARS THROAT] So, tell your sisters
that we're going out for Mexican.
Yeah, I heard colony tortillas
leave a funny aftertaste
because of the hybrid corn.
[LAUGHS] Yes.
Yes.
We're celebrating.
[BIRDS TWITTERING]
- [LOW ANIMAL CALL]
- [SOFT SIZZLING]
[INTERMITTENT SIZZLING]
This is will Robinson
of the Jupiter 2. Over.
[STATIC]
Calling any survivors.
- Come in.
- [STATIC]
Do you copy?
- [SIGHS]
- [DISTANT ANIMAL CALL]
[EXHALES]
Hello? Hello? Is anyone there?
[SCREECHING OVER RADIO]
That's not a Jupiter.
This is will Robinson of
the 24th colonist group.
I'm making a record of
this because it seems...
I'm the first human to discover
evidence of an alien intelligence.
It... it appears it
crashed when we did.
Why? I don't know why.
I don't even know
why we crashed.
The... [GRUNTS] The ship has
sustained heavy amounts of damage
and appears to be
non-functional.
No sign of any... pa...
passengers.
- [RUSTLING]
- [GASPS]
[PANTING]
[WILL] Hello? Anyone there?
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
[GASPING AND PANTING]
[STAMMERS] How...
How can you see me?
[PANTING]
[SCREAMS]
No! No!
No. No.
[PANTING]
[GASPING]
Judy, I'm back. I'm gonna
get you out of there.
- Where's will?
- I'm gonna go back for him.
What? What happened?
We got separated, but he's okay.
You just left him there?
I can only save one
child at a time.
Better get back.
[GRUNTS]
Penny, how much air
does she have left?
[PENNY] Sixty-eight minutes.
Judy. Close your eyes.
Keep them closed.
[MAUREEN GASPS]
Wow.
It's working. Thank god.
It was will's idea.
Yeah. I know.
He thinks he doesn't
deserve to be here.
I'll discuss that with him
the next time I see him.
When do you think that might be?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Thanks.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Hey.
[MAUREEN] Hey.
You're not that easy
to find these days.
Well, that's the
way they like it.
What with everything
that's going on.
Right.
- How are the kids?
- Uh, everybody's fine.
They miss me?
I don't know.
Why are you calling?
I have good news.
We have been accepted into
the 24th colonist group.
- Wow.
- Yeah. [CHUCKLES]
What's the timetable on that?
Uh, a month.
The kids performed sensationally.
You should be proud of them.
I am. I am. Of course I am.
So, I sent you some
papers and I just
need you to sign them
and send them back.
So, you're finally
filing for divorce?
No. I...
That doesn't seem
necessary anymore.
I need your permission
so that they can go.
You wanna take my
kids away from me?
You already left, John.
- Not for forever.
- After everything that's happened,
you have this one chance to
do what's best for them.
Just...
Sign the papers please.
This isn't about us.
[ROBOT GRUNTING]
Dad.
Dad, this is will.
Do you read me?
I'm kind of in a lot
of danger here.
Probably not as much danger as before,
but definitely still in danger.
[SCREECHING OVER SPEAKER]
That noise, I've
heard it before.
It's coming from your ship.
Isn't it?
Who knows if you can
even understand me.
[GASPS] Whoa.
Guess you've never seen
anything like that either.
My name's will
Robinson, by the way.
Wait...
What's happening to your lights?
Oh...
You're dying.
Aren't you?
- [CRACKLING]
- [GASPS]
[MAUREEN] It's working, honey.
Hold tight.
[JUDY] Oh, god.
That feels good.
It's like my hand's been
asleep for a month.
- [CHUCKLES]
- It's okay, the feeling will come back.
- Magnesium.
- Okay.
- Torch.
Close your eyes.
Okay. Okay.
[THUNDER CRACKING]
It's raining.
It's raining, dad.
Oh, no, no, no!
Faster! Faster! It's filling up.
It's... it's not raining, is it?
[PANTING]
Yes. It is.
[PENNY] Mom, the
temperature's dropping!
Oh, oh...
Give me the magnesium.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[PANTING]
Damn it!
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
Damn it.
[MAUREEN] We're
gonna get you out.
[GASPING SOBS]
She's strong. She has more time.
Dig!
Come on! Dig!
Coming, baby!
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
Dad. Dad, come in.
Dad, there's a fire and...
And I can't get out.
Dad. Dad, come in.
No point in you dying, too.
[SIGHS]
[SOFT SOBS]
Thanks.
[SHUDDERING]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[HYSTERICAL SOBS]
[JUDY] Will! Will!
[GASPING] It's not his fault!
He's gonna be...
Don't talk! Just don't talk.
Dad!
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
We're here.
[COMPUTER BEEPING]
I'm here, baby.
- [SOBS, SNIFFLES]
- [MAUREEN] We're here. We're here.
We're right here. [CRYING]
[COMPUTER CONTINUES BEEPING]
It's okay. We're here.
We're here.
- [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
- [JUDY GASPING OVER RADIO]
What's that? What is that?
[BOTH GASPING]
[WILL PANTING]
It's okay.
- Will?
- It's okay.
He's... he's with me.
[GASPS]
[JUDY GASPING OVER RADIO]
[ROBOTIC VOICE] Danger,
will Robinson.
Can you help her?
Please?
[MAUREEN GASPS]
[GRUNTING]
[JUDY GASPING]
[JOHN] I got you.
- It's okay.
- Judy!
- [JOHN] I've got you.
- [PENNY] Judy!
- [JOHN] Breathe!
- [GASPING]
Breathe, baby! Breathe!
[GASPS AND LAUGHS]
[CRYING] Mom!
- It's okay. I got you.
- Mom.
[JUDY SOBBING]
Shh. It's okay. It's okay.
Can you do something
so we don't freeze?
[ALARM SOUNDING]
[AUTOMATED VOICE] All
resolute colonists,
please proceed to your
assigned Jupiter pods.
Thank you for remaining calm.
- [INDISTINCT CHATTER]
- [ALARM CONTINUES]
It's just a temporary
evacuation.
I'm sure they'll have the
damage repaired soon.
It seems like an overreaction.
The sooner we seal the breach,
the sooner we can get back to
bitching about being underpaid.
We're being paid a fortune.
Ah, that was before we had a chance
of being sucked out into space.
Go.
[OVERLAPPING ALARMS]
[NEARBY SCREAMING]
- [WOMAN SHRIEKS]
- [WEAPON FIRING]
Get down! Get down! It's coming,
it's killing everybody!
"It"?
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
[MAN] Get him off! Something
breached the hull!
Oh, god. [BREATHING HEAVILY]
Let me help you.
- Oh, thank you. Thank you.
- Here. Get your coat off.
Can you walk?
- No, I can't walk.
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
Hey, wait. What are you doing?
- I'm sorry.
- What? What are you doing?
- [SCREAMS CONTINUE]
- You can't leave me here! Come back!
[AUTOMATED VOICE] All
resolute colonists,
please proceed to your
assigned Jupiter pods.
- Thank you for remaining calm.
- We need to get off this ship.
The jupiters are
for families only.
- Will you marry me?
- [CHUCKLES]
Come on.
Oh. Hey.
- You fixing this?
- Yeah. Yeah, this one's yours?
It's fixed. It's good to go.
See?
There you go.
All resolute colonists, please proceed
to your assigned Jupiter pods.
Thank you for remaining calm.
There's always room for
a mechanic or two.
Great.
What about the rest
of your family?
- They won't be coming.
- Oh.
Sorry, miss...
Doctor.
Dr. Smith.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]